README.md, before:

# mpadvpayment
This module include three payments method with advanced custom parameters

2017-04-19
Working on paypal page
- fixed bug on virtual products
- added logo image to send to paypal

2017-04-18
Working on paypal page
- Paypal seems to work correctly
- todo: add logo input for paypal
- last test to check all features

2017-04-14
Working on paypal page
- trying to implement Paypal API calls

2017-04-13
Working on config bankwire page
- confirmation page displays correctly
Working on paypal page
- config page works correctly
- no clue to set paypal payment!! :O

2017-04-12
Working on config bankwire page
- Config page terminated
- Display page terminated
- ** after confirmation no display paymentReturn **

2017-04-11
Working on config bankwire page
- calculated correctly
todo
  - check save and load data

2017-04-10
Working on config cash page
-invoice display fees
-restrictions work correctly

2017-04-07
Working on config cash page
- Cart details displayed in order confirmation
- TODO: 
   check if products can be payed in cash
   save cart details and fee details

2017-04-06
Working on config cash page
- config page terminated
- working on final step of order confirmation

2017-04-05
Working on config cash page
- set and get input values
- created class to manage table datas

Commit message:

Working on PayPal Pro Payment Type

README.md, after:

# mpadvpayment
This module include three payments method with advanced custom parameters

*2017-05-05*
Working on Paypal Pro
- iFrame page seems to work correctly
- paypal messages sent and received correctly
- created a page for every message received

*TODO*
- [ ] Rebuild class to clean code
- [ ] Process cart after payment and create order

2017-04-19
Working on paypal page
- fixed bug on virtual products
- added logo image to send to paypal

2017-04-18
Working on paypal page
- Paypal seems to work correctly
- todo: add logo input for paypal
- last test to check all features

2017-04-14
Working on paypal page
- trying to implement Paypal API calls

2017-04-13
Working on config bankwire page
- confirmation page displays correctly
Working on paypal page
- config page works correctly
- no clue to set paypal payment!! :O

2017-04-12
Working on config bankwire page
- Config page terminated
- Display page terminated
- ** after confirmation no display paymentReturn **

2017-04-11
Working on config bankwire page
- calculated correctly
todo
  - check save and load data

2017-04-10
Working on config cash page
-invoice display fees
-restrictions work correctly

2017-04-07
Working on config cash page
- Cart details displayed in order confirmation
- TODO: 
   check if products can be payed in cash
   save cart details and fee details

2017-04-06
Working on config cash page
- config page terminated
- working on final step of order confirmation

2017-04-05
Working on config cash page
- set and get input values
- created class to manage table datas
